decimal offset info (#1295)
silo-finance/silo-contracts-v2: MOREDOCS.md

- then deploy new market

## Known issues:

### Shares decimals

Decimals are not an issue, but we are putting it here to warn developers. `SiloVault` and `Silo` share tokens 
(collateral, protected and debt types), are using decimal offset. debt share token has offset 0, `SiloVault` 
and protected and collateral share tokens offset 1e3. 
For offset 1e3 means that depositing 1 asset results in 1,000 shares, although this is not a fixed ratio.

Learn more about the [decimal offset here](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/blob/a7d38c7a3321e3832ca84f7ba1125dff9a91361e/contracts/token/ERC20/extensions/ERC4626.sol#L31)

The share-to-asset ratio may change over time due to interest accrual. As assets grow with interest but the number 
of shares remains constant, the ratio will adjust dynamically.

To determine the current conversion rate, use the vault’s `convertToShares(1 asset)` method.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Regardless of the decimals offset for both `SiloVault` and `Silo` (all share tokens) `decimals()` fn returns 18.
```

Reviewer: Regarding `SiloVault` it will work like described after https://github.com/silo-finance/silo-contracts-v2/pull/1309 merged.

> 
> ### Shares decimals
> 
> Decimals are not an issue, but we are putting it here to warn developers. `SiloVault` and `Silo` share tokens 
> (collateral, protected and debt types), are using decimal offset. debt share token has offset 0, `SiloVault` 
> and protected and collateral share tokens offset 1e3. 
> For offset 1e3 means that depositing 1 asset results in 1,000 shares, although this is not a fixed ratio.
> 
> Learn more about the [decimal offset here](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/blob/a7d38c7a3321e3832ca84f7ba1125dff9a91361e/contracts/token/ERC20/extensions/ERC4626.sol#L31)
> 
> The share-to-asset ratio may change over time due to interest accrual. As assets grow with interest but the number 
> of shares remains constant, the ratio will adjust dynamically.
> 
> To determine the current conversion rate, use the vault’s `convertToShares(1 asset)` method.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

### Decimals

`decimals()` function in `SiloVault` and `Silo` does not add decimal offset to decimals of underlaying asset. Both contracts use decimal offset but it is not reflected in `decimals()` function return value.

SiloVault:
  decimals(): same as underlying asset
  offset: 6
  minted shares per 1 wei of asset deposited: 1000000

Silo:
  decimals(): same as underlying asset
  offset: 3
  minted shares per 1 wei of asset deposited: 1000

ProtectedShareToken:
  decimals(): same as underlying asset
  offset: 3
  minted shares per 1 wei of asset deposited: 1000

DebtShareToken:
  decimals(): same as underlying asset
  offset: 0
  shares per 1 wei of asset borrowed: 1

Learn more about the [decimal offset here](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/blob/a7d38c7a3321e3832ca84f7ba1125dff9a91361e/contracts/token/ERC20/extensions/ERC4626.sol#L31)

The share-to-asset ratio may change over time due to interest accrual. Assets grow with interest but the number 
of shares remains constant, the ratio will adjust dynamically.

To determine the current conversion rate, use the vault’s `convertToShares(1 asset)` method.

```
